hey everyone Tim here from everyday
tactical vids and today we're gonna be
looking at a product from a company
called gearbest they contacted me via
YouTube and said you know they had some
gear they wanted me to check out
possibly review so this is one of the
items I picked this is one of their
multifunctional tool keychains and it's
gonna run you five dollars and 40 cents
it is coming from overseas but they do
offer free shipping and they note that
it ships within three business days so
you're not paying a whole lot of extra
money for something being shipped from
overseas five dollars and 40 cents for a
little item that you could throw into
your keychain and again this is not
going to save your day you're not going
to be hanging off a cliff and then
because of this item be able to survive
but another little item that you might
want to add to your EDC that could end
up being helpful in just day-to-day
tasks that pop up here's what it looks
like up close and I'll show you in a
minute what it looks like to actually
attach a key to this and there are a
couple different ways you can do that
there is the way they recommend on the
website and then I found a different way
that works a little bit better for me
but that's just a preference thing you
can do it in whatever way works best for
you let me show you the different items
here on the end they have a very small
flat-head screwdriver a slightly larger
one here and then even a slightly larger
one up top this is your bottle cap
opener there's a file that runs along
the top and I'll show you that in a
moment this is a strap cutter and then
down here this little tip is actually
one side of the tweezers so I'll show
you what you can actually use this side
and the far side has a very small set of
tweezers here's a quick look at the top
and that's the file I was just speaking
about here's a look at the front end
with both sides of the tweezers and you
basically squeeze the two sides together
and now you have a very small set of
tweezers here's their recommendation of
how you might set up your key you can
see the carabiner right here and you can
also see that it fits very nicely inside
the actual tool so it's not like you can
fit a ton of different keys in there but
it's not like you actually have twice
the thickness with the key and then the
thickness of the tool you know making it
about this big instead a little bit more
streamlined and slick this is my
preferred set up for this item you can
see I've got a normal key ring here and
then the little included carabiner up
here this allows me just to pull
lotmore keys on this keyring but I still
am leveraging the fact that you can
store one key inside the actual tool
there you have it a slick little item
from gearbest I put a link down below to
their website if you want to head over
there and pick one up and you know for
less than six bucks it's quite a good
deal I think you know it's lightweight
its small you can fit easily on your
keychain and just give you another
little tool that could be helpful in day
to day tasks that come up thanks as
always for checking out our videos
please subscribe to everyday tactical
vids if you haven't done so already like
us on facebook follow us on twitter and
check us out on tumblr take care
you